
===== 2026-08-20T21:29:24 | composer =====
Sorry, I just want to add something here. I'm doing my own research, and I'm seeing people talk about a canvas in Codex and how that's a better way of iterating. You're just, like, sending over, like, full HTML documents, which it's not the worst thing ever, but I feel like this canvas thing not being utilized is a huge misnomer.

===== 2026-08-20T22:03:53 | composer =====
But honestly, I feel like that kind of sucks for what we're doing. So I think we should just continue what we're doing here. I don't need any mumbo jumbo or, like, these, like, fancy documents with illustrations showing me the research you did. So I don't know why you're sending me any of that. Like, I'm very confused. If you recall where we were, you produced something, and it wasn't good. And so we decided to have you go research how to do this actually correctly. I didn't even specifically get a

===== 2026-08-31T19:46:37 | composer =====
Honestly, I'm gonna need some help setting this up. I have one I've done before for Monday, but, like, I used, you know, Claude Code or Codex. What do you to help me? I'm not sure the best way to do it. I did just create the new repository on GitHub, and then I don't know the best way to, like, I can show you how my Monday one is set up. Here's the thing: there's, like, a lot of different things, and, like, not all the information's gonna be in there right away, right? So we can talk about, like, the work, like the about stuff, right? So for the about stuff, for example, I have files, I think actually maybe in the Monday folder on my computer, and maybe it access to that one somehow, I'm not sure. Maybe I have to switch to a different project, I'm not sure. I know we're in portfolio one right now. So maybe you don't have access to the Monday one on my computer. I know it's, like, usually I use Claude Code for it, so I don't know how to figure that out. Maybe you can at least find it and help me figure this out. Basically, I know that there's a lot of information in terms of my portfolio and stuff, like about me, like literally so many documents. Like I had, like, 167, like, conversations with Claude previously within a project, and I have entire transcripts, so it's really good evidence to help me figure out, like, for instance, the about section, our tone of voice, blah, blah, right? But I also have, like, you know, my Figma files and my designs. There's that side of it. But also beyond that, like, I really am a big person when it comes to, like, making sure I have the proper skills. So, for instance, I don't know if I even got these set up here yet, but, like, there's a recall skill. I think it's called Recall. I have to look it up to be sure. There are a couple other skills that I've really liked recently, and these, like, I have most of them installed somewhere, but I just know there's some that, like, Claude Code. So I guess I could ask technically Claude Code if they can, like, let me know what some of those are or whatever too. But I think it's a little confusing because I have to double-check. I think that my Claude Code is connected to my Monday account, like, on my desktop, and then the other Claude Code is connected to the GitHub. But yeah, basically it's in terms of, like, structure, how it all works and stuff. I don't know if there's, like, a prompt you can give me to give to Claude Code or something for, like, that in particular. Basically, like, I think the way we're starting this task off right now is just, like, to figure out how to put the structure together, but I don't have all day to do that either. So I don't want it to be, like, over the top or anything. Like, but I don't have a lot of experience. Like, well, not a coder, I should say. I'm not an engineer. That's why I don't. That's why I'm asking for help with all this, right? So that means I don't need you to come back to me and say things like, to say things like, oh, like, or, like speak in codey language, or, like, use a bunch of words that are confusing to me, right? Like, I need, like, things, like, simplified and just, like, you know, you to work with me and, like understand my own experience in terms of how I communicate and work things through things together as well. So I guess with that, I guess, where do you think a good starting point would be?

===== 2026-09-02T21:22:29 | composer =====
I'm curious if you could give me some information. I don't even know exactly where you would look for this type of information or whatever, but I'm trying to... I'm learning a lot about, like, I know that there's this new intent thing for Claude, for instance, or, like, a skill. So, I mean, you could use it too, of course. Well, I think you could use it. I don't know. But, like, that kind of thing. And so part of this process is, like, figuring out what skills I need, what skills I have. Not only, though, in the realm of things— sorry, not only in the realm of things like an intent file, right? Or a specific workflow. But there are a couple questions I have here, and they're somewhat similar, but they're connected, but they're somewhat separate. First, I don't understand a lot of times in these videos that I've been watching when they talk about, like, agents and deploying agents. So I don't know now. Like, I feel like it's a little bit more ambiguous than it was originally. Like, when an agent is actually being deployed, right? And they talk about, like, work trees, which I've never really understood either, which I feel like could be potentially useful. So I'm kind of, like, thinking about this, and, like, I don't really know how to divide things up by agents or whatever. Like, I just don't know how the agents works. So I'm curious if you could give me more info in terms of how agents work here and in Claude Code, because I think that would help me a lot. Secondly, as a product designer, I have a lot of, like, taste skills installed, and I actually saw a video about some, like, case- sorry, some taste skills for design that are definitely the ones that I sounds like I've been looking for and have not been able to find previously. But every time I talk to, like, you or Claude Code, it's funny because I get this response that's like, Oh, these would clash with what you already have, blah, blah. It's always talking about clashing because I do have, I think, like, nine or something taste skills installed already. Now, to be honest, like, they're all ones that I've collected over time, and I don't know which is better for what or whatever, you know? But I am also, like, working sometimes on, like, more product, you know, type of design, and then sometimes more, like, editorial, like portfolio style, like award style of stuff, right? So I think, like, the original intent of me having so many is thinking that, like, you know, they would be helpful because maybe one in one instance, one in one of the other, or in another, like, you know, just depending on what's going on. Of course, there's this other element, right, of, like, for, like, Monday, for example, I don't need their design system because I have established my own design system, which I always find is a little bit odd that people use previously established design systems to build their websites. Not odd, but it just feels, like, a little weird in terms of, like, what if you make edits for that? Like, you have to edit that original taste skill? Like, surely everything in that setup already 100% like you like it, right? Like, how do you even know? Is there a strategy maybe I should be taking that involves just, like, keeping them all and maybe saying, like, give me an example of, like, what this would look like if you use each skill, like use each skill separately on each one, and then, like, maybe, for instance, this artifact that's, like, tabs, like an HTML artifact with, like, tabs to show, like, the output of each skill. Obviously some of them, like some of the taste skills, like the brutalist one or whatever, are, like, more specific and, like, obvious, but, but yeah. I guess, like, is it better to only have a couple? And to, like, I guess, like, the idea I think that the problem when I talk to, like, you or Claude Code about is that, like, yeah, they, like, say, like, Oh, it's gonna you ask me design something, it's gonna get triggered, and then it's gonna get confused because it doesn't know which one to use, like which taste skill, and maybe it won't use it. I don't know, maybe it won't use any of them because it gets too confused. It doesn't know which one to use unless I specifically tell you which one to use, right? And that's the difference, and then you'll ignore all the other ones, from my understanding again, please clarify this if this is incorrect. But from my understanding, then at that point you would ignore all the other ones and only use the one I suggested, right? But then again, like I spoke to before, that's kind of a problem because I don't really know which one to use when, right? So I don't know the right way to handle this. There's also this other part of me that thinks, okay, like if I'm working in Codex or Claude Code, is there a way for me to just, like, by project or whatever, like specify which ones I'm using? Like that would make sense to me, you know? You know, to specify which skill or, you know, taste skills we're using or whatever, and then, you know, you create that information, and it's always accessed, like with, like, hooks or pulls or whatever, you know, like whatever system it has set up. Not just now, but in the future. And, like, just, you know, set it up by each individual project, like what the best perspective is, because I do want to make sure that I'm doing things the right way and not in terms of because there's some golden book of, like, this is right, this is wrong, but more in the context of, like, what designers do, because it makes the most sense for designers, you know what I mean? And to be clear, like, don't narrow me, like, into some, like, specific lane when I say product design, that doesn't mean that I don't ever, you know, need other stuff, like, that you may not understand a product designer does, because I've noticed sometimes I have a little bit of that issue with AI as well. So I know this is, like, long and a lot, but yeah, any information you can give me would be great. Don't go overly in detail about how things work or all that too much. Just give me, like, enough information. Like, what I don't need is, like a book to read, and a lot of times your output ends up being a little bit bookish from a human perspective, and it's just, like, too much information beyond what I need. But I am always trying to be careful when I ask for you to, you know, make something a little more reduced, because it's really important that you don't lose the most important points in your response. So I think I'll leave it there. And maybe, like, let me know if we need to use something else too to really get to the bottom of this maybe. Yeah, maybe grill me too, like use the grill me skill really quickly. Also use the unlazy skill on this task as well. All right, thank you.

===== 2026-09-02T21:29:19 | composer =====
Wait, I'm so sorry. I just want to make sure. I don't know, because this is confusing to me. I said product design, not practical design.

===== 2026-09-02T21:29:48 | composer =====
No, see, I think you're still confused. Just to add a little bit more clarity here, because I want to make sure that I do this task right. I'm not— I'm not. I never used the word practical design. It was just I'm using my voice, so things are coming out incorrectly sometimes. So that's why I'm, you know, coming back at you to fix those things so you understand properly. I never ask you to reduce it to a generic practical design. I always said product design, like I was talking about the same thing, right? So there's no practical design. I don't even know if that is a thing or not.

===== 2026-09-03T17:38:12 | composer =====
So last night, um, my hourly window or whatever expired, I think because we did the reset. Well, that's weird. I don't know what happened, but it said worked for 29 seconds, and then updated. I just don't know where we are with this, because it's still literally the same thing. Like we've talked, like twice now about redoing the whole thing from scratch and how messy it is and how, like, non-useful this is and how we've, like, lost the plot here and how you need to reset and restart this whole entire conversation and, like, recreate something from scratch, and you still haven't. So can you explain what's going on?

===== 2026-09-03T17:39:09 | composer =====
Hi. So last night I think my, um, I don't know if it affected, like, the skill thing and the case thing, but looking at the... it looked like the taste skill thing maybe, like, paused or something, but then, like, looking at the, like, skill audit thing, I don't know what's going on there because it's, like, the same as it's been, and we've, like, had so many conversations about, like, starting fresh, and I've literally had conversations with you before about starting fresh. So I don't know if, like, it just never finished because of, like, timing out because of my, like, session or something. It didn't look like it was blocked, but there was, like, a more recent output, and, like, it doesn't solve any problems. I just don't know what the issue is, and, like, is it their problem or something with me talking to you in this one chat and you, like, working in the other chat? Is that making these results less good? Is that the problem? Or what's happening?

===== 2026-09-03T17:42:03 | composer =====
Not even close, like, it's so bad. Like, I feel like I need to tell you exactly how to do this. Hold on. Okay, so we've talked about resetting this process, like, two or three times, I think, already. We've talked about resetting both processes, and none of that has been done. Every issue that I called out that needed to be resolved, it has not been done. And it's just like a cycle of, like, making updates that aren't actually doing what I'm saying. So that's a huge problem, and I don't know what's going on with that. So I need some high-level clarity here, and, like, I think the taste one is not, like, rebuilt correctly. Like, in fact, like, even if I look at the taste one, it doesn't have all the taste skills again. There's, like, four skills I don't think even— like, looking at those by names, I don't think those are even taste skills. Like maybe one of them or two of them, but the rest, I don't think those are taste skills. So I can't even identify the taste skills themselves and which ones are the taste skills, which is, like, the most fundamental, simple part of this entire process, right? I do have an idea of, like, how this should be built now, and you already spoke on this previously, but then it was never built that way, right? Like, I think, like, the first step should be taste, and, like, maybe we, like, once we have the taste ones figured out and I can have decided which ones we're going to keep and which ones we haven't, then we can move on to, like, the supporting skills. Maybe these are, like, two separate things. So let's just start, maybe simplify it so it's not too much for you to handle for some reason. It seems like it has been. So I think we just needed, like, first build one just for the, like, isolate it, because for some reason, remember, like, the only reason we brought in these, like, supporting skills to begin with is because it, like, didn't just focus on the taste skills to begin with. So we need to, like, get it to focus on those, like, I think it's nine or so taste skills, and making sure that all the things, all the problems we had before are clear. So that means that I should be able to see the taste skill. Each taste skill should have a few different variations. I should have information about how that taste skill works. So, for instance, what I'm seeing in the difference is, like, how that— why, like, what— like, I need to know the difference between different skills too, right? Like, so let's say that skill, taste skill A, we're looking at that and we have three different versions maybe, right, of, like, what the output could look like. Obviously they all should look different. Two different examples, everything, right? Like, for instance, if there's color recommendations, each one should have different color sets, right? And then, like, if there's text recommendations, each one should have different text sets, and they should be showcasing different parts of, like, the text instructions, or, like, depending on it, maybe there's just one strict, like, spacing rule, then that's how it should be for all of them. But I should know that too, right? So, like, I need to know, like, these are the things that matter. This is, like, you need to be focusing on, like, what the fuck a taste skill is actually for, right? So what would actually matter? Like, that's, like, the easiest way to, I think, look at this, is figure out what a taste skill is and what separates one taste skill from another.

===== 2026-09-03T17:45:16 | composer =====
Use unlazy, like always, like I say you always should, and make sure that they figure this shit out. Because, like, what is it been now? Eight? Like, how many freaking, like, iterations have we done of each? Way, way, way, way, way too many. So I don't know if there is. I feel like there needs— there has to be something out there. I've been watching a lot of YouTube videos, and I realized recently that when I ask you to, like, go out and search for skills, like, there's way better stuff out there than you ever show me. So, like, I need a deep analysis into figuring out how other people do this, because there's got to be other people out there that need to, like, review their taste skills. And maybe the better alternative is that there's actually something already out there available. For instance, I'm learning a lot about, like, GitHub and how people can literally, like, you can literally use someone's, like, GitHub stuff, and even just for, like, specific tasks. Like, they build flows for, like, specific tasks and stuff, for instance. So maybe they're using something like that for this, right? Maybe there's just websites where people compare, or, like, articles, or whatever else where people have, like, created something to do exactly what I'm trying to do in order to differentiate and understand the differences between them, so I can make an informed decision about which ones I want and which ones I don't. So I need you to, like, stop, and we need to, like, reset our entire plan for that one. And this is where it gets a little wonky because usually I know, like, resets are kind of weird, right? So I feel like reset seems like something that should be happening inside that chat, but it's confusing to me now, like, where we're actually doing the taste skill stuff. But it's confusing to me now because now I don't know, like, if we need to reset that one, or if I need to reset your conversation here in this one, since you're, like, doing actions on my behalf. And that's why I kind of wonder, like, maybe I shouldn't have done this because this actually happened, like, because of a mistake. And I'm, like, exploring utilizing a bot that I can talk to in multiple other chats, and I'm kind of wondering now if this is, like, part of the flaw and why this isn't actually working. And please do not just say yes or no to that, like actually give me some answers and all that. I need you to be really thorough and really examine all of this and not only answer some of it. Like, I need to see you outline each thing that I called out here and, like, actually really analyze this and the related messages before and figure out what we need to do. Our job right now, it needs to change in this chat to figure out what we need to do to make this the most— what the most successful approach is going to be going forward. And you need to maintain some kind of documentation, including everything I'm talking about here so that we can, like, pass the requirements, like, on to another chat if that's, like, the best way to do it. But, you know, I'm kind of, like, trying to figure this out, and I need your help. Like, that is your goal, to help me figure this out.

===== 2026-09-03T18:41:50 | composer =====
And you're 100% sure this has nothing to do with the fact that we're doing this task buddy thing in a separate chat, right? Because looking

===== 2026-09-03T18:42:39 | composer =====
I think my biggest concern right now is that we only have 73% of our weekly limit now, and we started all this in a different, like, set of, like, tokens, right? Because remember I did the reset previously. So I feel like there's something going on here because, like, why are we using so many tokens to, like, produce, like, stuff that just is just junk? I need to figure out how to, like, actually, like, I don't know if I need to do debugging again or, like, help me, but, like, I need an honest solution, like no bullshit. I don't know if I need to do research to figure out how you work properly or what, but this just kind of seems like a dead end at this point. I'm getting a little exhausted.

===== 2026-09-03T18:49:33 | composer =====
Since you have, like, the contextual history in this chat, though, wouldn't it be more— would it be smart to have you maybe serve, like, your final roles as, like, building, like a master, like, document or whatever? Like, it's a great information to pass on to, like, maybe, like a new chat, or I, you know, start over doing all this, like a new chat for each of them, or sorry, a new space, whatever I call it, for each of them. Maybe, like, I don't look at the compare curated installed one or the audit design task skills, right? Like, I just, like, maybe even archive those so I don't get mixed up and start it fresh, right? Like maybe you can give me what I need to do that and do it the right way now. Does that sound doable?

===== 2026-09-03T19:12:05 | composer =====
Oh, sigh. Okay, I'm really confused. You know that I only have, like, 170 some, right, like, on my computer. So basically what this tells me is that I shouldn't have deleted, like, what, the 90 or something? Like 90 of them that I deleted I shouldn't have because you're saying that those aren't even, like, subject enough to potentially not needing— like, those are not even subject to a review because you're so confident in those needing to stay. What am I misunderstanding about all this?

===== 2026-09-05T21:48:41 | composer =====
So I use the Handy software to help with, like, voice recordings so that they're more accurate and stuff. And I don't know what's going on. Like each time that— well, not each time, but almost every time I do it, it ends up attaching, like, an attachment. If I were to, like, you know, send a really long, like, document or something, sometimes, like, the chat UI will switch it to, like, a text, or a text document that attaches. So it'll do that. But then, like, this document that it attaches is, like, some random—I don't know what it is, but I can send it to you because I just copied it. It's, like, this random bunch of information, and it's nothing to do with what I just recorded with my voice. So say I'm recording for, like, five minutes on my voice, like, with Handy. It, like, all lose all of that because, like, just this weird thing keeps sending. So I need help figuring that out.

===== 2026-09-05T21:50:55 | composer =====
See, but I think you're still missing it. Like, I don't know exactly, and you also didn't use the Grill Me skill, like I literally asked you to. I don't see you using that at all, so where's that? But, like, I don't think you're, like, you keep focusing too much, I think, on, like, the grid or whatever. Like, I was just saying I have that in case that helps. Like, technically speaking, the composition like this doesn't even require knowing UI grid at all, because I can always, like, make modifications slightly to make it fit the grid better if it becomes the case that that needs to happen. But technically speaking, the pixel blocks don't even need to go on a perfect grid. It's fine if they don't too, right? So none of that even matters. So I feel like you're just, like, moving ahead with stuff, and I literally asked you to use the Grill Me skill to avoid some of this, and here we are again.
